Hi there welcome to the  Junit and Mockito crash course in this video
I will brief you about the course so that you can use it effectively
This course is organized into sections and each section is made up of one or more lectures
Most of the lectures have a quiz at the end for you to do a self-check
The questions in these quiz's are what you usually face in job interviews
Seventy percent is a good score in this quizs it is a self-paced learning so learn it at your own pace
There is a software section setup section right at the beginning of the course I recommend you do that setup before
proceeding with the course
As you cruise through the course you might face questions
You can ask those questions either by sending me a personal message on udemy
or by creating a discussion
Before you create a discussion
I suggest you check the earlier discussions to see if the answers for the issues or the questions you have already been answered
They also recommend your answer the questions posted by others as it is a great way to learn and share
the course has enough material to enable you write unit tests you have to practice and
experiment to be good at them
Always feel free to get in touch with me and ask questions
Now you can get started and learn gain Junit MOCKITO and more